belief in oneself is contagious we are
part of something larger we are fighting
for the broken my name is dr. le staple
and I'm a psychiatrist I specialize in
those individuals who believe they are
supernatural beings I don't belong here
David Dunne do you believe you are
exceptionally strong but there are men
who are as strong as you
Kevin window crap you believe there are
two dozen souls living in that body with
you you can call me Norma Elijah Cudi's
you have an extraordinary IQ you think
you are superhuman what if I suggested
that you are mistaken they've been lying
to us all
you were sent here to be an avenging
angel how much do you want to avenge us
these individuals have lost their
perspective
[Music]
this is where they would paint you with
big eyes and bubbles of confusion above
your head
[Music]